`vite`: add pathAliases config for custom import paths (#1339)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/fine-ducks-peel.md

---
'sku': minor
---

Add pathAliases configuration for custom import paths with Vite bundler.

## New pathAliases config

The `pathAliases` option provides a clean way to configure custom import paths:

```typescript
// sku.config.ts
export default {
  __UNSAFE_EXPERIMENTAL__bundler: 'vite',
  pathAliases: {
    '@components/*': './src/components/*',
    '@utils/*': './src/utils/*', 
    '@assets/*': './src/assets/*',
  },
} satisfies SkuConfig;
```

This enables imports like:
```typescript
import { Button } from '@components/Button';
import { formatDate } from '@utils/dateHelpers';
```

## Migration from dangerouslySetTSConfig

> If you're currently using `dangerouslySetTSConfig` for TypeScript path mapping, you can migrate to the cleaner `pathAliases` approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're currently using `dangerouslySetTSConfig` exclusively to configure `paths`, you can migrate to the cleaner `pathAliases` approach:
```
